Hi I wanted to say something
about the seminar tasks. This is
the most important work that you
will do on the course of
particles from the exam.
Every week you're going to write
something and submit it to your
seminar tutor at least 24 hours
before the seminar meets.
This is very important. Sharing
your writing with your seminar
tutor each week will allow you
festival to develop your own
ideas and your skills at
expressing and defending them.
And Secondly it will allow your
tutor to have this week by week
sense of how hopefully things
are improving as you go through
the term. It's also important
because the seminars for this
course really exist for you to
discuss your writing. It's not
for us to have a chat, it's not
for somebody to tell you more
stuff. Plenty of that happens
that are recorded lecture.
The seminars are really about
you being interrogated by
your peers by your seminar
tutor concerning the position
that you have defended in
writing. This is the way to
really develop your thinking.
The third component of our
seminar work is the peer review.
When you submit a piece of work
that will be available for
another student to peer review
anonymously, and each week part
of your seminar task before the
seminar will be to write a short
peer review of the other
students work as well.
This is a very important part of
your learning. Sometimes people
think, well, you know I'm going
to write stuff and seminar tutor
is going to evaluate that, and
perhaps even grade it. That's
not the most important thing
that happens. The most important
thing that happens is the
discussion that you have, not
just with your seminar, tutor,
lecturer, but also with the
peers around you and a key part
of that is peer review. When I
do a piece of work, actually I
just sent off a piece of work
this morning. That piece of work
is subject to peer review. Of
course, I'm frustrated when I
get back these terrible peer
reviews. But it's a way that I
learn to improve my work. It's
the central way that I learned
to improve my work, and at this
level at University, peer review
is also fundamental for you, so
please do those peer reviews
take them seriously. It's very
important part of the work.
I am emphasizing that because in
the past with students who are
bit further on in their studies,
I've had great success with peer
reviews. When I tried doing
first year peer reviews.
Last year, for the first time at
different course, it just didn't
work at all. People basically
didn't engage. Please get on and
do those. Peer reviews is very
important thing to learn how to
review another persons work.
The other side of the peer
review I'm going on about this
'cause it's so important. The
other side of the peer review is
this. It's quite good for you to
read other students work you see
at the beginning in the first
year, for the most part, what
you're writing will be
absolutely abysmal. You will be
writing stuff which is just
appalling, right? I know if I
look back at the stuff which.
Unfortunately saved from my own
first year. It is terrible,
absolutely terrible, and all of
the students I've taught, nearly
all of them maybe one or two
exceptions geniuses, but for the
most part the first year work in
particular was completely
appalling. No two ways about it
now. One of the waste. Best ways
to get out of that quickly as to
having to other students are
doing be reassured that their
work is no really better than
your own. Build up some
confidence, see some problems
with their work, and then feed
those back to your own.
Peer reviews very important,
partly because you're providing
potentially useful advice to
another student, won't always be
useful, but you can try also,
partly because you're going to
get to read and evaluate another
students work, and sometimes
it's easier to think critically
from the outside, so peer
reviews fundamental to the
process. Now, in order to
achieve all this, you're going
to use a little web application
that I wrote called why why
Rama? In what follows, I'm going
to take you through how to use
YY drama, but if you're like me,
you really hate video showing
you how to use websites.
I've been using websites for
about 25 years now. I feel like
I can click on links I don't
really need someone to make a
video to show me that, so do
what I suggested in the previous
section to now switch off, find
something better to do, but if
you really want me to show you
how to use YY Rama, I'm actually
going to do that now. Here we
are at the mind and reality web
page. It starts, of course, with
the week by week guide that I am
encouraging you to use and every
week the first thing that you
will see. Is the seminar task to
do for that week now? Week one
is not very interesting that
respect there's no seminar, so
there's no seminar task you to
do. So instead of doing a
seminar task, let me just take
you down to week two haven't
released this yet, so you can't
see this on the main website,
but it will come shortly. But
when you do see week two, what
you'll see is that there are
some ticks, and each of these
ticks is a little thing for you
to do an associated with those
ticks sometimes are some links
that will take you directly to
the task. Now let me take you
back up 'cause there is
something I'd like you to do
this week. Even though, as I
say, there's no seminar. So
what I'd like you to do this
week if you would, is just to
review the seminar tasks by
clicking the link under
seminar tasks. When you do
that.
You're going to see a full
masking you to sign in, but
you're a new student, so you
don't already have your details
here on why. Why Rama, you can't
use your University account?
Sign in, why? Why doesn't speak
to other University systems?
What you're going to do is
register for an account. So
let's go off and do that now.
When you're registering, you can
put anything you like is the
email, but please use your
University email and also please
use your real name here.
The reason for that is just that
your seminar tutor is going to
associate this name with your
work. So if you have a name like
funky chip monkey as a clever
email account, you don't want
your seminar tutor to think that
that's who's writing your
essays. You want similar to to
build up this relationship with
you through understanding your
work. OK, very good. Now I've
already got an account so I can
just sign in here.
Let stand once you are
registered and signed in, you're
going to see the main line of
reality course on why Rama.
First of all, this list of
terminal groups please sign up
for the seminar group that
you're in there not listed yet
because they haven't been
decided, but when they are,
they'll be here. You join the
seminar group here as well as on
tabular. And then.
You can check out the tasks the
Tasks are organized by date.
There are two or three tasks
each week, typically small
tasks. So what you can see here,
this is the first seminar in
week two. You've got two things
to do. You're going to write a
mini essay and have a peer
review, so let's take a look at
the mini essay task over we go.
Here it is. It's a question.
And directly below this, when
the task is open, at the moment
the task is closed, but on from
the 7th of October you'll see a
box to write your essay in and
you're just going to type into
the box or copy and paste into
that box. Top tip here. Read
the questions carefully. So
the first question says state
the principle of acquaintance
using Russell's own words,
giving appropriate citation.
Mysteriously, not everybody
will follow that instruction
when you're answering these
questions. Read the questions
carefully, do what the
questions tell you to do, not
supposed to be super difficult
in the first week, we just
trying to make sure that
everybody's got the idea.
And it works, of course exactly
the same way with the peer
review task that you will also
be doing next week when you hit
that link, you're going to see
some instructions for the peer
review, so that is the why why
Rama page. It's very handy page
because it will give you week by
week. All of the things that you
need to do for the seminars.
So well done for surviving this
to the end. I hope that was
useful. I'm looking forward if
you're in my seminars very
much to reading the work that
you write for each of the
weekly seminars. If after this
you still do have questions
about how why, why Rama works,
or about the work for the
seminar, then please do drop
me an email. I'm Steve
Butterfill and I'm the
lecturer for your quarters,
mind and reality. Thank you
very much.